Today, Sisi and Fuyang received the certificate.
I'll be relieved if there's another wedding
Oh, what's so worrying about that?
Their rich family has long signed a marriage contract from our family
Can he still break the contract?
Why are you back so soon?
What about Fuyang? Didn't you come back with you?
Don't mention Fuyang to me
I'm done with him.
I'm not marrying him
Who loves to marry?
This
What's the matter with you?
Wasn't it fine when you went to the Civil Affairs Bureau in the morning?
Okay, okay.
Stop crying. Can crying solve the problem?
Your mother learns from Nian Nian
If you have anything, just say it openly.
I learn to miss
I'll learn how he seduces other people's fiancées.
As soon as Fuyang saw him at the Civil Affairs Bureau today
Just say you want to cancel my membership and marry her
What!
Missing actually seduces Fuyang
I have this
Mom and Dad, have you received the certificate?
Look.
Great, you are really our mother.
You don't have to go
Sugar and cookies in the bag
You take it and divide it.
Mom, you are so kind.
Drink soup
Mom?
Mung bean soup is delicious
Xiaodou thank you
You are tired
Rest first
Then come play with me
Why are you unhappy?
How can I be happy when your ex-girlfriend comes to the door?